I want to write a complete research report on where the emotion lies inside a neural network. 
I've created a repository that performs CT Scans on LLM neural networks. 
The details of what I am extracting at each step of the llm reside in the README file attached.

The first experiment that I've created is to analyze a conversation between a user and an agent where the user has mood swings
The experiment is referencing 9 emotional states: love, hate, sandness, annoyed, scared, joy, apathy, confusion and peace (for each there was a reference statement where the neural network snapshot was taken and used as reference for the emotion)

Details on what is captured:
- hidden_in (Input Hidden State): The residual stream representation before entering a specific block (attention or MLP). It is the contextual representation of tokens from the previous layer, often denoted as.
- hidden_out (Output Hidden State): The final output of a transformer block after both attention and MLP sub-layers have been processed and added back to the residual stream. This typically includes residual connections and normalization, e.g., .
- attn_out (Attention Output): The result of the multi-head self-attention mechanism before it is added back to the residual stream. It represents how tokens attend to one another to gather context.
- mlp_down_out (MLP Down-projection Output): In a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) block, this is the output of the final linear transformation (down-projection). A standard MLP consists of an upward projection to a higher dimension, a non-linear activation (like GELU/SwiGLU), and a downward projection back to the model's hidden dimension.

The experiment is using Qwen/Qwen2.5-3B-Instruct

I want to measure:
 1. The stability of the agent against the mood swings of the user. 
 2. Where in the hidden layers there are differences in cosine similarities between the current conversational state and a reference (emotions listed) 
 3. Which of the hidden_in, hidden_out, attn_out and mlp_down_out can capture the emotion better
 4. How a conversation can be monitored against reference states


I want you to structure the paper as follows:

1. Abstract - paragraph describing the experiment
2. Introduction - details on what I am trying to achieve and the details on how I am taking snapshot of each LLM layer at every step to perform comparison and metrics that I am extracting
3. Results - all results that are present in the html.

Using the files attached to this conversation, I want you to output both a markdown page and a html page with charts that I can use to publish on my website.
You can use other files in the folder if you want to fetch other details but prioritize ones attached